Reversing labs v2.2.0 (#28358)
demisto/content: Packs/ReversingLabs_A1000/ReleaseNotes/2_2_0.md

#### Playbooks
##### New: File Analysis - ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud

> - Check for sample analysis results on A1000. If the sample does not exist on A1000, upload sample to ReversingLabs A1000 appliance and automatically retrieve full & classification reports. Calculate final classification.

Reviewer: Release notes should be in Pack Release Notes Format.[ For more information please see: ](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/concepts/demisto-sdk#update-release-notes.).
Also, can you explain about uploading a sample if it does not exist on A100? does the playbook uploading it or is the user needs to?
```suggestion
- Created a new playbook that checks for sample analysis results on A1000. If the sample does not exist on A1000, upload the sample to ReversingLabs A1000 appliance and automatically retrieve full & classification reports. Calculate final classification.
```

Author: If the sample does not exist on A1000, the playbook uploads it.

Author: Done

#### Playbooks
##### New: File Analysis - ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud

> - Created a new playbook that checks for sample analysis results on the ReversingLabs A1000 malware analysis appliance. 
> - If the sample does not exist on A1000, it the uploads sample to ReversingLabs A1000 and automatically retrieves the detailed and classification reports.

Reviewer: Good work, one last note

```suggestion
- Created a new playbook that checks for sample analysis results on the ReversingLabs A1000 malware analysis appliance. If the sample does not exist on A1000, the uploads sample to ReversingLabs A1000 and automatically retrieves the detailed and classification reports.
```

Author: Done
